WD: Museum API project (#2119)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2024/writing-day.rst

Already familiar with GitBook? We're looking for people like you to brainstorm features as. Help us make the ultimate documentation platform!

Use OpenAPI with the Museum API
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Project organizer Heather Cloward, she/her.

> The `Museum API <https://github.com/Redocly/museum-openapi-example/tree/main>`__is a sample OpenAPI description. It offers a set of endpoints to interact with a museum's services -- such as retrieving museum hours, managing special events, and purchasing tickets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Museum API <https://github.com/Redocly/museum-openapi-example/tree/main>`__ is a sample OpenAPI description. It offers a set of endpoints to interact with a museum's services -- such as retrieving museum hours, managing special events, and purchasing tickets.
```

> Our Writing Day goal is to onboard contributers and improve the Museum API definition. Help us create more complex use case examples like discriminator, x-webhooks, nullable, recursive property, oneOf example, etc. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Writing Day goal is to onboard contributors and improve the Museum API definition. Help us create more complex use case examples like discriminator, webhooks, oneOf, allOf, etc. 
```

> Our end goal is to update the Museum API to better demonstrate all that OpenAPI has to offer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Museum API was built specifically to teach OpenAPI concepts and to create a better developer experience. The more realistic and complex the Museum API is, the better it can demonstrate all that OpenAPI has to offer.
```
